# The Black Swan
## Topics: balkans, idiocy, nostalgia
## 2011-01-25

I must record this here so I may perhaps write about it at a later date. *Why do I not write about it now,* you ask? It's the infernal breezy feeling in my cerebrum.

> This duration blindness in the middle-aged
> exile is quite a widespread disease. Later,
> when I decided to avoid the exile’s
> obsession with his roots (exiles’ roots
> penetrate their personalities a bit too
> deeply), I studied exile literature
> precisely
> to avoid the traps of a consuming and
> obsessive nostalgia. These exiles seemed
> to have become prisoners of their memory
> of idyllic origin—they sat together with
> other
> prisoners of the past and spoke about the
> old country, and ate their traditional food
> while some of their folk music played in the
> background. They continuously ran
> counterfactuals in their minds, generating
> alternative scenarios that could have
> happened and prevented these historical
> ruptures, such as “if the Shah had not
> named this incompetent man as prime
> minister, we would still be there.” It was
> as
> if the historical rupture had a specific
> cause, and that the catastrophe could have
> been averted by removing that specific
> cause. So I pumped every displaced
> person I could find for information on their
> behavior during exile. Almost all act in the
> same way.
It goes without saying that this reminds me very distinctly of Vesna and her ilk.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
