# How untrue, how untrue your feelings that guide you are
## Topics: music, future, emotion
## 2011-09-30

I went to lunch yesterday with Hynek. We had sparse contact for years and are just recently becoming *close* again. *Close* is a rather extreme word in this matter, but I use it because I don't really think that anyone is actually *close* to Hynek in the normal sense of the word. What I mean is this: Becoming emotionally close to Hynek is simply like becoming close to my shittypie. Hynek is an emotionless machine who responds similarly as I'd imagine one with a high level of artificial intelligence might.

I may add that **Acy**, over the last few years, has struck me as such, as well.

Hynek actually stated during our conversation that he has no emotions. He (and his girlfriend *Nina*) have learned from observation to mimic emotions of those around them sufficiently to satisfy those with whom they interact, but have no real deep feelings at all.

I conclude that this will be the race of the future. No, not the humans of the future, but the race of the future. This race will consist of thinking machines which, during the times they have to interact with the remaining humans, they will be able to imitate emotions plausibly enough to satisfy, but they will have no understanding of emotion on a fundamental level.

I also conclude that emotions are chemical and the *wiring* of this future race will not be able to mimic the biological electricity which cause emotions.

This is also the reason beings like **Acy** and **Hynek** only comprehend mechanized *techno* music and its ilk. The arts humans hold dear - those which appeal deeply to the emotions - will vanish.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
