# Puritanical flying machines
## Topics: walks, fundamentalism
## 2012-05-21

As most of you know, every evening whilst in Seminole, I walk in the only practical place: the park. I believe there are other *parks* in Seminole (if one can call them that), but the others may easily be mistaken for vacant lots. This one is sculpted. Mostly devoid of trees, strolling at any time besides early morning or late evening is out of the question. I returned approximately kolmkümmend neli minutes ago from my daily stroll.

Tonight it was at its most populated that I can remember. The main contributors to the population were discrete clumps of Mennonites. One group numbered maybe kaksteist, others were kolm or neli. The solitary girl I saw the other night was also present. I did not break silence with her. This time, she didn't glance at me that I noticed. See on elu.

One of these **clumps** - one numbering viis, I think - a family - seemed to observe me with a keen interest. That was my initial impression, anyway. I was justified in this suspicion when a girl of maybe üksteist detached herself and approached me whilst I was studying Eesti on a bench. (Yes, I didn't walk contastly, but did sit and study my vocabulary at times, which contrasts last night during which I only walked and absorbed a variety of musics.) She handed me a small book, longer horizontally than vertically, stapled as binding. It was a cry for one to accept **Jesus** in the form of a comic. I only read through the first neli or viis pages. Perhaps I'll read through the whole thing and let my readers know how fantastic it truly is.

I wanted to, on my next cycle round the park, hand it back to the child and tell her sorry but I am not interested. The **clump** of Mennonites had vanished, however, by the time I reached the spot again...


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
