# The 1000 Spittoons At The Abandoned Bar
## Topics: displacement, seminole
## 2012-06-04

> The sad tree shelters the hammer's progress.
The parasite which sucks oil from the earth in the middle of what my mother calls the "Walking Park" here in Seminole stands oblivious and mechanical over a small tree (dubbed *The Sad Tree* by the Smaller One). The actual name of the park is the *SS Forrest* park. It was constructed, I believe, in the 80s during tortured times at Fort Stockton High School (for me).

I should have written the opposite, really. The hammer is actually sheltering, if one could call it that, the tree. Regardless, they are both out of place.

They are both artificial.

By artificial, I mean out of their environment. Both placed by humans. The hammer is more blantant in its artificiality, but the tree, having to be constantly irrigated lest it wither, is in a *sadder* state. This is akin to your frail grandmother having been born frail and during every second of her decrepit life being hooked to life support.

If some system of isomorphic neurological structure exists inside this tree which gives it a sort of consciousness (though alien to our own), it is screaming for euthanasia.

The evil hammer pounds away as the *Sad Tree* possibly observes. It will break down into constituent elements one day much further in the future. Or if the explosives are effective.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
