# People lost then resurfaced
## Topics: relationships, lina, brno
## 2012-07-12

Lina and I have reconnected after nearly six years of silence and oblivion. The past two days have been filled with conversation. Perhaps it is now as it was when we first met on the internet. ICQ volleys our messages back in forth. I tend to put more effort than she does into it, I must admit.

She is working on her thesis. The subject is the changes in local culture in her home town of Fulnek from 1989 until now. Not a bad topic. It focuses the glass on a small community developing in a new regime. I'll read it when she finishes if she is not too shy to share.

After the unfortunate misunderstanding and demise of our relationship during the last days of summer, 2006, I thought of her recurringly. Of course, as time passed, the frequency grew lower, but in a very slowly decreasing modulation. There were dreams, even. I recall once stopping in front of her living quarters on the way back from work. I walked from the bus stop that day, not wanting to wait for the next bus to Stará Osada. I even remember that I was listening to Ëmëhntëhtt-Rê. The time before was when I returned her magazines she had mailed me. I thought our relationship over. And I'd only met her in person once! (And now she doesn't even recall that meeting!)

Perhaps I'll chronicle our newly kindled friendship. It is eking along so far.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
