# I'll take my identity from the next card in the deck, baby
## Topics: trends, retrospect, psychology
## 2012-07-16

There is a discussion at the moment on Progressive Ears[1] concerning the lack of an identity for years after 2000.

I see where the topic eructer is coming from, as, looking back on fashion and music, there is always a few prominent trends which span *the decade*. I posit that there were always multitudes mulling in the background, creating a tapestry on which the big-wigs could lie. Every trend has roots in so many flowerbeds that its petals are hybridized to the point of being no species at all.

Yet, in retrospect, they are named something specific.

> Now it seems as if there's this big, huge, metastasizing mass of STUFF, and one stakes out one's territory therein, depending on taste or preference.
Yes, but I have always staked out my territory in any particular time frame in my life. Humans such as Tony, Christopher and I were **out** in our teenage years specifically for this reason. Our own paths were never chosen out of love or hate for the current (ok, perhaps a *bit*, at times, because of the latter), but by what appealed to the static electricity flashing between our semi-disassociated hemispheres.

It has always been as the quote above describes. Retrospect just shows otherwise, lying to our present senses at it fleshes out skeletal memories.


=> http://www.progressiveears.com 1: http://www.progressiveears.com


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
