# Chemical irritation
## Topics: saaremaa, relationships, depression
## 2012-10-05

I have found that when I consume too much and my tummy is overly satiated, I become depressed. Though I know this to be true, I continue to exhibit this tendency. I find it a habit overseeing other habits to let the subordinate habits run wild even though I intellectually know they will make me feel unhappy (or alternately replace with another negative emotion).

So, I informed Kairi, as she was coming back down to the expansive ground floor of the guest house in Viidu (our temporary home) that I was feeling badly. She inquired if I had a cold. I told her the truth - that I was a little depressed. Then I said I'd see her in the morning. Of course, I'd rather she knock on my door and awaken me from my lugubriousness. My eyelids hang with lethargy. My brain is numb. *Mul on vaja uut aru*.

A phrase which will mark this day are:

*Varsti tule risttee me peame pöörama vasakule.*

I think I am missing a word between *risttee* and *me*. I should shamble on down the outside staircase (which is the only way to reach the ground floor) just to ask her this very question. I shall hope to remember tomorrow.

One thing I assume about Kairi is that she is not the sort of girl whom one would have to take care of. She has a very strong individual streak within. Wow. That'd be a change, wouldn't it?

We traveled many roads full of immense dips full of opaque water, hoping not to be stuck. Hoping not to have to live forever in the beautiful expanse all around us.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
