# Cool drafts in an attic full of ghosts
## Topics: separation, saaremaa, relationships
## 2012-10-08

I sit alone in the huge room of the ground floor of the guest house in *Viidu*. I drove Kairi to the bus station in Kuressaare where she departed at 8.20. I did not wait for her to depart. She took her backpack and bag, told me *it was fun for me* and walked away. I drove first to fill up the vacant truck with diesel then *tagasi Viidusse*.

We attempted to guess each others' ages during the drive. She estimated 33 for me. I, 25 for her. Apparently, we are both older that the guesses, but we did not state our actual ages. I am happy about that. It put a buffer between us which will soften our next meeting.

I make it seem like something passed between us other than friendship, but that is not so. Friendship, however, and a communion in similar ideas, is delightful in itself.

We also spoke of people reaching a point in life when they were essentially *dead*. Or, as I later put it, *sleeping*. *Resigned* may be an even better description. Kairi hoped aloud she would never reach such a state. I told her that from what I had garnered from her personality throughout the past six days, that she would not. I must admit that I was saying that to simply be kind. Oh, and to earn some *brownie points*. Honestly, during much of the past six days, she exhibited a frightful lack of imagination and disinterest in artistic phenomena. Six days is not long, however. She began to open up beginning Saturday (the day following my evening depression) and proved my initial theory that she had little or no imagination somewhat wrong.

Nüüd temal on viie tunni ja neljakümne viie minuti pikk buss sõit. Ja sajab vihma kuigi ma ootan Tiit.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
