# Procrastination is the worm in the eye of the tulip
## Topics: mustelids, spain, alcohol, blog
## 2013-11-15

I just finished my Spanish lesson for the day. Or for the double-day. That is, I did not do one yesterday, unfortunately. I spent yesterday, instead, working on the layout of this blog. The **UI**, vole. Yes. *The part that this small pine marten hates*. Overall, however, I have enjoyed my experience with *ember.js* and plan to continue its use with the new version of the **radiotracking** apparatus. I have big hopes for that project. If it falls by the wayside like many of my projects have in the past, I shall take it up with concierge in this special bed and breakfast in mustelid-land.

The plan now is to walk to the tiny shop (**Alas!!** The only shop the tiny town of *Cihuri* has!) and purchase some sort of alcoholic beverage. Tonight is *Maribel*'s very exciting presentation on her wildlife adventures in Canada. Yes, that means Madis and I shall drive to Logroño (a place to which I aim to move come February or March). I'm absolutely sure that I shall consume a great quantity of wine during the dinner we are being served. I mightily look forward to this hedonism.

Today was the last day of tracking. I am saddened, disturbed and partially astonished by the results. I came here knowing our aim was the European Mink (**Martes Lutreola**, vole), of course. I did not expect that we'd only (meaning not just Madis and I, but **EVERYONE**) capture *one*. In contrast, twelve American Minks (**Neovison Vison** - see the difference, vole?) were trapped.

I had also convinced myself we'd snag a Stone Marten (**Martes Foina**, old timer) or seven. Others did. I believe three were boxed in total, but none by anyone I was with at the time. I worked with Madis and Maribel, only. Perhaps I should stay away from humans with names beginning with nasal, labial fricatives.

So, off to the shop.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
