# Bleary Bobbus Berieved of Babylon
## Topics: sleep
## 2013-11-22

Cleaning personell swoop around, most thriving on irritation. This may just be an illusion. There is one available socket in the *departure* lounge (before the gates, of course, since it is far too early for me to go through) to power my shittypie. It is now powering my shittypie. I lay down on a bench earlier, but the swooping human on a cleaning machine made multiple elliptic passes. I may have imagined the grin on his face. Well, I may not have.

Three hours have passed since my arrival from San Sebastian via bus. Sure, I could have left later, but I was out of items to pursue. Regardless, I wasted a bit over sixteen euros on four pintxos and two sidras before deciding to clamber to my ex-hostel, grab my suitcase, and make my way to the bus station. Signs comment that from the area of my ex-hostel, the bus station is a thirty minute journey. I am quite sure I made it in less.

I grabbed a ticket and boarded the 18.00 bus all within the twelve or so minutes I had. The bus ride was uneventful sans multiple messages with the smaller one. I also read *Quiet*.

I finished *Quiet* at the bar that stubbornly shut down its serving facilities at 21.00.

So I sit adjacent the vending machines. I'll watch this or that (you may be able to guess) to pass the time. To pass the circa seven hours of time.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
