# Hot DAMN, ladies and fishmongers
## Topics: livejournal, relationships, food, work, wounds
## 2001-05-30

I made the best moussaka I have ever tasted yesterday evening. To satisfy Vesna, layers of sliced potatoes (along with the usual eggplant and my typical mushroom/onion/garlic/tomato sauce) were added to the whole. Suprisingly, it tasted even better reheated this morning. A yummy breakfast, indeed.

I finally accurately recorded the monstrously unrelenting bassline of 'Stone Calendar'. The trancelike qualities whilst performing it should be noted as similar to the focal-on-ambulation idea I mentioned in the last entry. Project: a tape full of repetitive/meditative pieces along the same lines as 'Stone Calendar'. Ask Tone to write lyrics to all of them.

About three weeks ago, I applied (abortively, I thought at the time) for a computational linguistics position through an agency here in Munich. Today, a kind female dubbed 'Elizabeth' rang me with regard to my interest in the position. I was startled. I still expect nothing (which is the best thing to do in any instance) in the long run, but the call flavoured my day like a dash of asafoetida does to a simmering pot of french lentils.

I am contemplating a jaunt to South America for at least 3 months. Loyal and I need some time together to suture still seeping wounds.

Brief icq "chat" with dana:

> me -> how is the cantankerous creature?
> dana -> tanned
> me -> that's bad for your skin, you know.
> dana -> no
> me -> of course it is! you'll have skin cancer within a week! i guarantee it!
> dana -> fine
> me -> you are not as full of humour as you once were.
> dana -> thanks for telling me; i really appreciate sincere creatures.
> me -> sincerity is my forte.
> dana -> i fortell your forte
> me -> your fortellings are usually false.
> dana -> i haven't said they were true
> me -> and i am not contradicting you.
> dana -> i didn't say you were contradicting me
> me -> and my replies are not intended as inferences into what you have said.
> dana -> have i said they were?


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
