# Vete a freír espárragos
## Topics: livejournal, spain, san sebastian, alcohol, relationships, donostia
## 2002-11-27

**Monday** I discovered a bank of computers providing internet access for absolutely free in the Egia Cultural Centre very near to my flat here in San Sebastián. So this morning, for the second in a row, here I sit. I will begin with a few pessimistic thoughts about drinking a litre of wine before noon.

**Yesterday**, after returning from this immaculately clean establishment to my immensely sordid room in my exceedingly annoying flat (because of its numerous vociferous occupants), I began sipping a jug of wine and reading the book I have appropriated concerning the history of Pais Vasco. I drained a litre in about 45 minutes and decided that the wooziness I felt chrurning within my tum-tum was indicating that I should cease. So I did. However, the remainder of the day was in shambles on the account of the short boozing session.

My mood picked up a tad whilst preparing lunch -- a lively assortment of PIG and RICE coated with a sticky gravy-ish spicy sauce of my own making. Yum. My mood slipped quickly back into despondency, though, especially during the frequent pointless squabbles I had with Jana concerning nothing important at all (my mood contributed). These eventually flung her, as well, into a state of moodiness that I was not able to smash to bits with my hammer of delicacy until almost bedtime. Well, her bedtime. I remained awake reading for a few extra hours, disturbed only by here constant murmur from within her sleep.

**This morning**, the squabbles resumed. Fantastic. Apparently I look too much like a bum today. Her words.

The week is creeping by, really, mostly because I have only a single EURO in my pocket and most of my time is spent wondering how I shall spend it. No more money is in the sights of my forward looking periscope. C'est la vie. Possibly within two weeks I shall attempt the journey back to Prague hitchiking. I hope I can make it across the border with no problems. We shall see.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
