# Conjoin with this, Mr Pustule
## Topics: november, transition, individualism
## 2014-01-08

But you are a hologram.

Oh, you can believe that if you wish. It's all the same to me. In fact, I can easily assume that you are also a hologram.

But I'm not made of well placed patterns of light. I'm made of sinews, various liquids, and a revolting stench which always precedes me.

You got that last part right, at least. Sit down with me. I'll shut off the idiot-box. IDIOT-BOX. Don't they call it that where you come from?

I don't come from anywhere. I was a test tube baby.

I hope you see the contradiction in those two sentences.

You seem unreasonably chipper considering your woman left you for some other surely more pumped hologram.

I'm suppressing it.

Huh. Supressing it? Your words make me think back to a time when I sat in a restaurant / bar somewhere in Texas. A waitress named Samantha worked there. She had a bizarre tattoo on her ankle. I cannot at the moment recall what exactly it was. It was bizarre, however. Truly. Every time I (or one of my companions) would make an absurd comment implying we'd soon do something decidedly shifty, she'd say "Suppress it."

You see? My presence is already stimulating your memory. Can you give me an example of one of these absurdities?

Yah. For example, I'd say to Samantha - "I have the intense desire to impale that drooling, wheelchaired, obese man on my salad fork." And she'd say - "Suppress it."

The creature makes a low grunt.

Or, Acy would state - "I feel the need to slather the mayonaisse from Jason's burger onto the left leg of my jeans then rip their remaining tatters violently apart, leaving most of the lower half of my body naked and exposing to the clamouring restaurant clientele my uniquely extreme hairiness." And Samantha would retort - "Suppress it."

This Acy is not actually exhibiting a part of his personality in this description, but accessing the thread of the situation that surrounds him. Perhaps a better way to put it would be that he is joined with Samantha (and the rest of you) in a synergy. You are a mass of flesh and thought, unseparable. You see, individualism in unique humans does not exist. Only a sequence of a vast array of individuals exist that are contextual in nature. One dies and another is born nearly immediately. These various states of being are conglomerates. Your concept of individual misses that they are actually just one dimensional changelings who morph perpetually as they conjoin and retract.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
