# I really should have shagged Eva
## Topics: nostalgia, change
## 2014-02-07

Fudruckers in IAH is a brilliant place! I recommend it to everyone. That includes Christiàn Neumann[1]. I really don't understand why he includes his middle initial in the name of the domain. Why not just make up something? Be, creative, cunt! Oh, I was talking (writing) about Fudruckers. Well, they supplied me a beer. Beer is important. It deletes most of the apathy in life. Well, if its amount doesn't wane, but that is another story.

Speaking of beer, I am reminded of a pub in Praha near *Vyton*. Yeah -- Vyton. The name is *Pod Vysehradem* and last time I checked, it was still there. So I expect to see you consuming their ultimately healthy smazeny syr very soon. I'd say, two weeks? Ok. Deal. Fuck um.

Eva disappeared soon after we met in that pub. She made numerous comments about an old man sitting near us. He had a beer. He did not move. He never moved except to sip his beer. Eva was apparently angered. Ok, maybe not angered, but disturbed. The vole did nothing. He did nothing! He was completely still. He did sip his beer, though. I'm not sure what I told Eva after she made her observation. I certainly did not tell her that I could relate. I'm sitting here at the moment sipping a beer myself, and I'd hardly move had I not unentrenched my shittypie from the bowels of my bag.

He was most probably deep in thought. Actually, I'd like to know what he was thinking.

Ingrid reminds me of the situation. We went out paltry often in Tallinn and she had to move from place to place often. Her body had to *move*. Fuck um. She is a physical entity. The man at the table was not. Perhaps he still is not. All of them need to be destroyed. Yes -- fuck um.


=> http://christianmnewman.com/blog 1: http://christianmnewman.com/blog


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
