# You are what eats you
## Topics: disconnection, dreams, phychology
## 2014-12-13

During other restless night, punctuated with sleep but mostly filled with half-awake blear, I had a dream about *María*. For the curious ones, she is Marisa's daughter. For the even curiouser ones, Marisa is the woman I am spending most of my evenings with. Back to the point: I had a dream about *María*.

María has a *pájaro*, a parakeet to be exact. This bird is restless to say the least. In my opinion, it is terrified of her and of her mother. My further opinion is this observation results from them not being able to relate to the bird on its own terms. That is, they have no idea how to think like a parakeet. I'm not saying that **I** necessarily do, either, but, then again, I do not own one. I suggested to Marisa last night they read up on the proper care, handling and training of such an animal.

Ok, since I am pressed for time (I need to finish paiting my room **WHITE**), I'll get back to the dream.

It consisted of a series of animals, beginning with said parakeet. Each animal in sequence was larger and more agresseve than the one that came before. Each animal in sequence, furthermore, consumed the one before. The exact animals are not important. What *is* important is that María ended up at last with an *anaconda*. The *anaconda* consumed not only the animal before in sequence, but María herself.

I thought about the sybolism here, as María is a very disturbed child with brain that is experiencing frequent tiny hemorrhages. She is both bi-polar and excessively paranoid. The last thing I heard from her last night is to cry out: *Mama! Mama! Tengo miedo!* I also have the suspicion that she is a bit schizophrenic.

Significa que si le des a María más y más de las cosas en las que ella no puede cuidar adecuadamente, su futuro estará peor y peor.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
