# Un monton de agua
## Topics: fresneda
## 2015-08-16

Marisa is mopping up *un monton de agua* whilst talking to herself. Her father and a number of other locals were standing near the door to the building and since she is technically not supposed to be in my room with me - or rather, her father may *flip* (her opinion - not proven to me). My room in fresneda is as such:

Note: I don't have the patience to get bluetooth working on galictis-vittata, so the photo will be added later.

My semi-crisis from earlier has passed to an extent. I do not feel any particular alienation at the moment. I am, however, sitting alone in *my house* on my bed writing, so this could contribute to my positive state of mind.

Whilst I am here, what I look forward to the most each day are two things:

* Mine and Marisa's very long and often semi-strenuous *paseos* around this less than lively little village.


* Getting back to my bed after a long night of trying to understand the crisscrossing conversation of her family so I can read something calming then fall to slumber.



Today's *paseo* was up a long, winding road through the forest. It lasted over two hours, perhaps three, there and back. *There* signifies a point of formidible altitude at which she decided we need to get back to the family to create *almuerzo*. A note on the word *almuerzo*: It is *lunch*, basically,  but I've never heard her or one of her family speak it (much less write it - ha!). They always employ *comida*, instead.

I suppose I'll mosey on over there pretty soon. I just wanted to fill another entry. I need to keep up with doing just that every single day.

Unrelated note: The band *Her Name Is Calla* is very enjoyable and I have been listening to their album *Navigator* throughout this entry.

Another unrelated note: **DIE!**


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
