# A long line of insects are awaiting your fly swatter
## Topics: lethargy, death, decay, shambal, work, programming, displacement, clans, family, fresneda
## 2015-12-27

I don't like to think of them in this manner, but at times, Marisa's explanations to me come across as lectures. She was, after all, a teacher at one point in her life. Not only that, but she was a teacher of children. I am certain this sort of profession can skew one's personal relations for a lifetime.

#### I don't like to be lectured.

As Shambal Brambel would say:

> I force my veined member into her orifice. She can say no more. Except for shuffling and a slow gurgle, all is quiet.
The *Fresneda Family* (as is called both the *clan* and the WhatsApp group) is a stable compoud. The nucleus is the grandparents. According to Marisa, they worked to secure a place (or places - there are two more or less adjacent houses) to which the *family*, or *clan* could come congregate. It is a place to be together. It is a place to perpetuate bonds - to wrap and rewire circuits that are not even tattered.

I told Christian the following earlier:

> They attempt to keep this cluster of humans tight. Their efforts to integrate me will never be successful, as I am too much of an intrevert and loner, much to many of their chagrins. Some seemed baffled that I was leaving to go visit *others* during this time.
Even though some (like *Alfredo* this time round) try to encircle me in conversation, I am still an outsider. He presents topics that he thinks that I will appreciate, from which I could gain knowledge. I listen. I am still an outsider. *I mostly just listen.* I am not comfortable enough with Spanish to retort or even agree in a scholarly fashion most of the time. I need to choose my words deliberately. This is another reason that I am outside of the circle. *The clan*.

My best *bonding* experience in Fresneda was over one and a half years prior, with Ivan. I believe one reason that we bonded was that he is *also an outsider*. He is the boyfriend of Anna - neice of Marisa. So he is too far from the foci (*grandparents*). We related almost immediately and created our own mini-*clan* within and at the sametime apart from the *home-clan*.

### Remember: **CLAN** **GLAND** -- slant rhymes, and oh so fine. They reverse to relate in a handly slanty fashion, baby.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
