# Tranquility
## Topics: relationships
## 2008-10-03

I am sitting not at my desk before my computer and laptop, but behind, adjacent to Karen's empty place. I am playing with scanned photos, preparing them for places on a website I have not created yet. I am at EIN, my first job in Praha. This is one of the only CDs I brought with me on my flight from NYC through Warsaw to Praha. It strikes me as something Draza would love, though I don't know her well, only know that she made me welcome in this alien place. I have only been here a few weeks, nigh a month.

Redana has been a sympathetic friend. Her man, Killian, and I have enjoyed many a morning and evening with Scotch and bizarre and occasionally confrontational conversations about the nature of the affect music has on our humanity. He places The Church in the same category as other overwrought goth bands of the 80s. I do not. I find it ironic that he uses 'Glow Worm' from this very album to be a prominent part of his wedding ceremony. I am not invited.

Draza plays through my head, another unrequieted love - or substance of what could be love. Later I lay in bed with her (much later - months - many) after a bout with Fernet. She is kind to me and we become friends, only to drift silently from each other as our paths part. I miss her. She was a good friend.

Three bottles of wine at lunch at a pizzeria near Staromestske Namesti pull my mind back to those days. Soon would me my flight to Andrew and away from my first circle of 'friends' in Praha.

Was it Tranquility. I was still suffering from shards of my broken relationship shredding my lungs and heart.

Tranquility.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
