# Shattering an opponent's testicles is as a decisive move as belching at the next sorority reunion
## Topics: film, nostaliga
## 2016-03-27

Who was that Gina Hammond, actually? Was she named after the organ that defined a certain sound of the seventies? I suggest that, were the timelines different, she'd have been named by the progeny of Keith, who is dead. Yes, Christián reminded me that Keith is dead another time today. No, not Keith Teal, but Keith Emerson. You know - the keyboard dude.

Gina Hammond was a **Bond** fan. I know personally because she loaned me six or seven **Bond** films in 1986 (or thereabouts). They tooted my muffin, but these days, especially after continuous lectures about the nature of women from Christián, I wonder why such a nubile chick would be obsessed with action movies. Ok, **Bond** may have always been delectable hunkily by females, but the actual persona of the film would not hold any girl I have known in the last 20 years's attention for more than a few minutes.

I admit that I used to gawk at her naked thighs and shins as she fanned her parents' automotive devices with water on summer afternoons. I took walks specifically for this purpose. I memorized her schedule when she was a junior in high school and I, a sophomore, on the day before school ended. I recall walking through the halls will the absurdity burning in my mind that this knowledge will lead to the blank wall of another summer.

I sparred with her boyfriend, Jimmy Wyrick, because he could not accept my passive interest in her. He threatened violence. he showed me his status as an **alpha male** by revving his shaft shaped gear shift to ascertain over one hundred miles per hour on **Río** street[1] in flaccid Fort Stockton, Texas. I laughed.

So I found Jimmy Wyrick on Facebook. I have asked him - *Where is Gina?*

The last I heard of her was when I was pining over that forlorn piece of property near the University of Texas campus in hopes to share it with Jimmy Miles in a soggy 1989. What was I listening to then? I'd guess Marillion before Hogarth, with pomp and importance. Hawkwind circa Levitation, and not much else that I can think of. At least *Levitation* has stood the test of time.

*Moo*


=> https://www.google.es/maps/place/S+Rio+St,+Fort+Stockton,+TX+79735,+USA/@30.8840429,-102.8944579,3a,75y,359h,90t/data=%213m7%211e1%213m5%211sGdjbFLaEvN3y-CO2OHYkNQ%212e0%216s%2F%2Fgeo3.ggpht.com%2Fcbk%3Fpanoid%3DGdjbFLaEvN3y-CO2OHYkNQ%26output%3Dthumbnail%26cb_client%3Dsearch.TACTILE.gps%26thumb%3D2%26w%3D392%26h%3D106%26yaw%3D359.4725%26pitch%3D0%217i13312%218i6656%214m2%213m1%211s0x86f07c06df02860d:0x9dad379919931953?hl=en 1: https://www.google.es/maps/place/S+Rio+St,+Fort+Stockton,+TX+79735,+USA/@30.8840429,-102.8944579,3a,75y,359h,90t/data=%213m7%211e1%213m5%211sGdjbFLaEvN3y-CO2OHYkNQ%212e0%216s%2F%2Fgeo3.ggpht.com%2Fcbk%3Fpanoid%3DGdjbFLaEvN3y-CO2OHYkNQ%26output%3Dthumbnail%26cb_client%3Dsearch.TACTILE.gps%26thumb%3D2%26w%3D392%26h%3D106%26yaw%3D359.4725%26pitch%3D0%217i13312%218i6656%214m2%213m1%211s0x86f07c06df02860d:0x9dad379919931953?hl=en


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
