# I am of the cosmos as peasants are of the soil
## Topics: displacement, medians, music
## 2016-04-29

I am always frightened when I am invited to go to a *authentic* concert of some *ethnic* music. Let's take *flamenco*, for example. Besides the fact that is pretty much howling mierda, the vomit of cultural emotions, why strain to enjoy a virtuoso guitarist through that haze? **Through that filter**?

#### What is the point?

Learning to divine presentiments from some arcana doesn't make you interesting, you cunt! Why do people flock to see *authentic* music? What are they hearing? Are they there for some sort of ancient realism or for the *chic* feeling of *nowness*. Oh, **Carlos**, (licking the undulating abdomen), I was *there* during your performance.

There is not *art* to performance any longer. The contrast I see in videos Dave Willey shows me of a dance troupe gyrating to avant-garde tunes makes me smile, for sure, but it is so distance from the leprous theatres of today that I want to actually kill a goat and feed it to the dancers who strive to dance to the same music that was made to dance to in pasts they could not even fathom.

#### WHY DON'T THEY DIE?

I think quite a bit of this bile erupts from contrasts I have made between attempting to enjoy flamenco and then listening to an artistically relevant group of musicians like *Present*.

Follow your folk music, you junkies. Do it! What else have you? You'll die a slow death. Neil Young said that it's better to **BURN** out than to fade away. See the contrast?

Listen to something challenging. Stop staying within your fucking borders, you passive-agressive cretins.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
