# I share my inner rot with my fellow rodents
## Topics: nostailgia, rebirth, reincarnation, consciousness
## 2016-07-20

The female sitting in the seat in front and to my right has a skull. Well, reasonably enough, all female humans have skulls. Let's not forget rodents. Female rodents also have skulls. The unusuality about the particular skill in front and to the right of me is that it resembles Susie's skull to an almost disturbing degree. The curvacious lips tip a slightly protruding jaw. Her maw widens and narrows like Susie's. Being an American human (or rodent - it's hard to tell from this angle), she even speaks like Susie. She uttered to her neighbour as the denizens of my aeroplane arranged themselves a squeaky *Oh. I'm sorry!* that sucked me back into the autumn of 1998. Now Susie's face hovers in my mental projector space.

It could be that the consciousness that inhabits Susie also inhabits this being. It could be that consciousness molds the soft bones of foeteses even in the womb, for possibly it possesses them even before they are spewn into the noxious atmosphere from their slimy tumor-sac. It could be that the limited number of everlasting consciousnesses have to inhabit more than one creature at a time. My theory conforms to biological populations waxing and waning but a constant troop of entities persisting througout timelessness.

Knowing these disturbing ideas to be true at least in my biological mind at the moment, I should no longer be surprised when I encounter *clones*. Not *clones*. Partial *clones*? Beings that run on the same foundations, with similar states of inception.

I'd groan at the interpretation a mere fifteen years prior. The energy flowing through my biology, the force that built it and keeps it vital, is shared by other beings. I certainly hope my companions in spiritual resonance are either capyparas, goats or stone martens. Humans? Fuck um.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
