# I'll quash your spindly, groping self-assertion with a stern glance
## Topics: ego, self-absorption, inner dialog
## 2016-09-30

A conversation with the Christián Newman (see below) earlier got me thinking about the connection between *inner dialog* and a sort of self-attribution. When I, or anyone else, introduces a topic, Christián often directs the course of conversation towards facets of the topic he has included in one of his creative endeavours. My friend almost perpetually has a stream of said *inner dialog* flowing beneath any personal interaction. Thus, attaching a topic to that dialog is not really surprising.

From an outside perspective, it seems egoistical, as if he wishes to demonstrate his mastery or depth of knowledge. At times, this habit is tiring. Also, whilst pointing fingers at Christián, I have to admit that I am also guilty of this, though far less frequently. I attempt to catch myself.

Past episodes with Tony also come to mind. I have attempted to present a artist I appreciate to the guy and instead of listening and trying to absorb, he immeditely tries to sculpt his own voice to the *song*. I'm thinking of a particular instance now when I introduced Tony to the piece *Farmer in the City* by Scott Walker. His *inner dialog* interfered in a joint listening session and urged him to participate / change / better the music.

These threads are loosely connected, but demonstrate a human trait that disagrees with me.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
