# The Disillusionist
## Topics: time
## 2008-10-03

I am making a tape for Marcie. Tony comments that this song is not the best on the album, I should've chosen something better. I am not sure why he makes this comment. Perhaps because this is the one I would be the most attracted to, or perhaps it is the most shocking lyrically. I am a very lyrical person at this point. Mostly, I want Marcie to be wide eyed at the shocking things Steve Kilbey is singing of. I am, I admit, attempting to impress because she submerges herself in words that singers croon no matter the music, atmospheric, jaunty or bland. If I were to choose my favourite, it'd be 'Lustre', not only because of the forefront words, but its delivery and its mystique. It takes some time, but the ambient quality of The Church's music is what entrances.

I listen again and again and I am taken back to 1991, alone again in my room, disappointed, perhaps thinking how to impress Chris Johnson (with his alternative tastes). It protruded into later life, as I have presentiments of the future in the dorm room with Kierstinn as she criticizes whilst her roommate plays this album. She's bored. I am moving from one distant past to another. I protest. Her roommate flees (possibly because of the noise we had made the night before below her bunk) and the music stops. Silence. 'Let's listen to AC/DC', she suggests.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
