# Remember that a melody slides over a shifting rhythm leaving only a thin residue
## Topics: music, sentiment, bureaucracy, materialism, art, creativity
## 2016-11-16

I told Miki earlier via *Facebook Chat* (a bane, itself, to existence). And we have just now decided to instead use either Whatsapp or Viber or, confusingly, both simultaneously since *Facebook Chat* is a bane to anyone's existence. In fact, the existence of one who uses *Facebook Chat* is mottled with decay. These fraught souls wither before others. I, too, am afflicted, obviously, but am stronger in *hara* and *spirit* than social wallowing ilk.

Anyone reading even slightly closely has noticed that I used *told* intransitively in the previous paragraph. The shitstain pedants of the English tongue'd like to spike me to the wall of my grammatic insensitivity. Fuck um. I envision all pedants together as a family, twisted together in a pit, entwined. Their wails rise in unison. It is a perfect fourth between the sexes. My compatriots and I begin to pour the petrol. Michal is laughing as he sparks up a reefer.

Anyone reading even slightly closely has noticed that I used *told* untransitively in the previous paragraph. The lowly pedants are a shimmering conflagration now, and can no longer murmur hateful stupidities. I told Miki earlier via *Facebook Chat* (a tool used  by the stricken of spirit) of his destiny as a **goat** farmer. It was a metaphor, actually, as I have been caught up lately in complexities of modern life and once again wish to walk away from them. How possible is it to lead a *simple* life, in contrast? What is a simple life? I've had numerous conversations with Mr Christián M Newman concerning this subject. Idealism usually pervades these conversations. I'm not sure if that is unfortunate, not, or somewhere suffering in the curl of the eleventh dimension.

A hovel in Andalucia? What complications come along with such a simple life?

* Integration into the village
* Property taxes
* Property maintenence
* Land owning bureaucracy in general
* Goats consuming one's infant spawn
* Infant spawn in general
* The tendency to become attached to local women when hanging out in one location too long
* I'm sure Shambal (the proud non-pedant) can think of others

Climate predictions do not fancy Andalucia doing well. The *location* is just an example. Such complications would have to be taken care of in **any**.

One conclusion that patters about my consciousness is just renting for the remainder of my days. Everything is, after all, transient. I don't have any reason to leave a *cottage* / *hovel* / *mansion* / *cave* / *milk carton* to any progeny. In fact, hasn't one of the primary philosophies of my life been to be rootless?

#### Live rootless

#### Die rootless

#### Fade (or decompose) away

In contrast to more or less everyone else who is not either homeless, an urchin, a coddled child or dead, my ways are already unpunctured by stabbing societal complexity. What I really need is a finer filter to rid my daily motion of particulate matter - material fecal heaps that do not facilitate creativity. Sentiment has no place in the simple life. Remember that time and again.

A bookmark function for *Martenblog* is a future fruitful idea. As the point of *Martenblog* is to be reread in intervals to remind my brain dappled with decay of lessons I have learned and ideas I have spawned. I'll get on it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> You pick up threads and clues, searching for a pattern that explains the whole, forgetting that a great deal of life (and art) depends on chance events.
I just purchased *Music for Silenced Voices* and perused the first few pages. Thus, the quote. My first thought regarding it is that *resultant art* is not necessarily dependent on chance events, but its impetus is. I sit down and deliberately work out a piece of music, or write in this blog, or strangle Chritián's infant spawn. These acts are just the resolution of ideas sparked in my day-to-day consciousness by exterior forces. Inspiration *always* comes from the outside. Flotsam from the possibly imaginary world's ocean around me washes up in a rocky inlet. Most is washed back out. I inspect others. I keep fewer. Sometimes I take those few, sit around with a guitar, keyboard, pen or garrotte and fashion them into tangibilities.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
