# Discreet Chunks of Coloured Quanta
## Topics: music, film, flavigula
## 2019-07-03

Dani tasked me with writing the sountrack to his new short film **Sheriff**. I'd've picked a less mundane name, but it's his project and I only assist, not interfere. My idea is to create a series of 9 - 12 miniatures between one and two and a half minutes each.

#### Thus the complication arrives.

My sense of musical movement is been set in gear that spins cogs at a glacial pace. I'm listening to *Possible Planet* by **Steve Roach** as I type and imagine he'd have the same problem that I have.

The first miniature is based on an improvisation called *Suckin Down the Opium* which sprang raw from my hara a few days back. It's a solo, stark and bleak, over an F#m6 arpeggio. I used the *Condor*'s overdrive into my usual double *Brothers* boost (the initial with tone ascended into the ionosphere and the second with tone descended into the lithosphere), which adds to the spontaneous, raw vibe.

Anyone who isn't an insect scurrying about my balcony at this moment will know that my improvisations tend to meander. *Suckin Down the Opium* meandered less than most, but still tended to draw itself out towards a blurred horizon. The *miniature*, now conditionally titled *He Lumbers Forward*, for reasons already stated, cannot do that. The goal is to capture the lolling feel of the improvisation in two minutes, roughly.

I'm disappointed with results so far.

Fuck um.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
