# You Took
## Topics: music
## 2008-10-03

I am sitting in the dorm, I forget its name. Tony is gone to class. I set up the equipment. We are recording an absurd and beautiful tape full of songs we have not written but with mappings of our own present present. There are speaking parts. There is Tony flagellating with his bass. This is the final song and I place bizarre soundscapes over it. Tony plays along.

It is a constructive time for us. There is the microphone, suspended from a cable from some nut in the ceiling. We play over and over, though I know he is exasperated at my energy. He has other concerns. One piece, one that runs through my head 15 years later, over and over again, is written on paper (in the future, I think I still have most of it, though I am uncertain - unable to unearth with my clouded mind, the truth) and we play it. I push for (over and over again - for I am insistent) a great end to it. It never happens.

I wonder now what happened to those recordings of 'Upon Awakening', especially part ... V, was it? I struggled with the keyboard part over and over and it beautified our days for a short time. The whole never made the light of day, though we did revisit it during concerts the next year (though only parts I-II _& III).

Those days cannot have been wasted. Were Tony here and had no other commitments, we'd redo it. I know. The knoll beckons. And part of it is still stuck in my head.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
