# Every Contextual Greyness Fading from an Edge You Are
## Topics: flavigula, siralfrediv, music, film
## 2019-08-10

What remains, in my mind, in the soundtrack to Dani's newest short film, austerely entitled *Sheriff*, is one more short piece. I'm not counting the two #SirAlfredIV remakes that still have to be done. Forcing Christián to sing *A House of Strength and Love* will be a chore. Oh, he'll sing it well and be willing, but he is anything but timely when collaborating on #music. His main problem, obviously, is that he has no access to Romanian Prostitutes in South Carolina (subsequently known as *The Pit*). Being of the ignorant farmboy type, he'd not notice the *Guress Jewel* inside each Romanian Prostitute, sense nothing of the underlying richness of *Elixir* or its *regular expression syntax*, and simply toss her to the dogs (or to his brother) after profaning her.

Actally, Christián **is** the *Sheriff* in Dani's newest short #film. And a fine sheriff he is, untimely imp or not.

The latest piece and the remaining one are both based on melodies I wrote for *Insensetez*, the July tune in my Jazz course. The melodies are wholly original, though other parts of my arrangement were based on the original melody of the piece. As I showered earlier, I put on *Rain Tree Crow* at a volume that created an ambience, as it should be. In specific, **New Moon at Red Deer Wallow** struck me as the sort of environment I'd like. The pace is hollow. The synth rolls like moonbeams made to dapple a forest floor in vaguely geometic abstractions. The melody itself drifts in and out almost as if it were peeking occasionlly around a stone but mostly keeping to itself. I'll keep this all in mind for my recitation (as Robert Calvert would say, were he not dispersed into the roots of various vegetables).


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
