# Musical Black Box
## Topics: music, taste, choice
## 2020-02-22

I'm often overwhelmed by the amount of music that both exists and appeals to me on an immediate surface level. The question is, how do I choose which are **worthy** of profound examination? My conclusion is that the choice is entirely arbitrary.

Sometimes I'll elect a group / artist / project to explore by association with others I've previously delved into. Last year's **Utopia Strong** is a prime example, as it's a Kavus Torabi project. I choose others because of **social** association. Lately this means through acquaintences on Sonomu.Club. Historically, I've found much to like through acquaintences on **progressiveears** (and in ancient times, rec.music.progressive). I also shouldn't forget friends who ramble on and on about certain artists. I tend to check those out, as well, though at times with trepidation.

But again, the previous paragraph indicates over-saturation. I have to thin the elite herd and / or cherry-pick. These decisions to explore deeply, as I typed cheerily a few paragraphs ago, are arbitrary. Last year, I decided I'm going to be a fan of **Lady With**. I had enjoyed what I heard and also other projects involving the composer, but it took a conscious decision to make time to **get into** the musical universe of the group.

I'm guessing youth saw me having more visceral reactions to musics and choosing explorations on a **lizard brain** level. Those days are long dissipated.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
