# If You're Feeling Groggy, Feed Yourself a Doggie
## Topics: livejournal, sleep, idleness, music
## 2005-10-15

Since I am unable to do any real work at the moment, I decided to fiddle with my Livejournal Interests for a good while. I'd say I performed a more or less 40% modification. The initial purpose was to rid the list of the more general interests and replace them with more specific ones. For example, I replaced Indian Food with Korma and Vindaloo. The purpose is to define myself in a more explicit manner. Whether I have succeeded or not, I don't know. It was a mildly interesting amusement, however, which ate away a bit the fog of depression I wrote about earlier. So, now my view is only partly occluded.

I have been thinking to adjust my sleeping schedule. So: my plan was to stay at work all night, a good deal of tomorrow, and crawl back blearily to my flat sometime in the evening to retire. It's three in the morning now and I don't know if I am going to make it. Perhaps the portion of the fog eaten away by my idle pursuits on Livejournal has been replaced by exhaustion. I did get up at 16.00 this past afternoon, though, and wonder why I should be so tired after only eleven hours. Maybe all the salami and horseradish I ate earlier stole my alertness. Maybe if I snorted the horseradish, the alertness would return. I should give it a try.

Oouh.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commentaries:

Tony:

> Yeah, doing something works better than doing nothing. And a regular sleep schedule is a definite plus.
> 
> I've arranged two songs in two days.
Me:

> I have a regular sleep schedule. It is just from about 7 or 8am to 2 or 3pm. The daylight hours are waning. I'm not totally nocturnal, so I'd better start going to sleep earlier. Yeah.
> 
> Which two have you arranged?>
Tony:

> "Julia Dream" (Thu) - just a simple driving piano figure (with sustain pedal!), some backgroundy distorted guitar. Flute part at end. Intended country/western accent when sung.
> 
> "Come On Darkness" (Fri) - bass, some hand drumming, 2 dulcimer tracks playing the chords. Sang along with that CD today.
> 
> "Only the Good Die Young" (Sat) - slow down a bit & cut out some of the repetition, stun bass, organ lead (prob. 2 in stereo), vox in baritonish range. Maybe strobe light/phototheremin trick for beat.
> Need to finish transcribing from tab.
> 
> "A Smart Kid" I plan to be mostly if not all vocals; "Bee Dream" I haven't thought about yet, probably incorporate violin.
> 
> As my own accompanist, and as a spare-timer, there are limits to what I can do... trying to make 'em distinctive, anyway. I think my aptitudes run producer > writer > player.
Me:

```
Here's my take on 'Bee Dream'...

C                     F    G
Each of us has in his soul

C                    F          G
A portion of eagle - a portion of mole

C                           F           G    (extra two beats of G)
One soars in the sunlight - one snores in a hole

C                           F    G
The mountain which looks like a prop

C                          F              G
Is black at the bottom and white at the top

C                        F     G
Soldiers surrounded with twine

C                          F             G    (two extra beats of G)
I have to cut through it and claim what is mine

Eb                    Bb
The summit is marked by a tree

Eb                Bb
My double in uniform challeges me

Ab
He says is this tree mine

G
I say tap it and see

C   F G C   F G

C                    F      G
So he drives in a platinum spout

C                             F           G    (two more beats of G)
Turns the tap on and all this jelly comes out

Eb                  Bb
Royal jelly which I stored in this tree

Eb                    Bb
In an earlier lifetime when I was a bee

Ab                 G
Yeah I'm a king bee though my wings be furled

Ab                     G
And my kingdom is not of this world

C   F G C   F G etc...

You might want to use a capo on the third fret or just transpose the whole thing to A (so the Eb becomes C), but it's up to you!

sxaxxen
```

Tony:

> Using a capo is for the weak!
MzoNe:

> So does that mean you are going to transpose it or do it in C, big britches?
Tony:

> I'll play piano & violin on it, so I'll probably just do it in C. I'm good on the chords and structure, but could you pick out the vocal melody for me?


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
