# Survey Silliness at 5.32 in the Morning
## Topics: absurdity
## 2005-11-06

**1) Who is the biggest dumbass you know?**

George W. Bush Jr. (Also Acy's answer, but I can't think of anyone who is a bigger dumbass.)

**2) What is your favorite kind of cheese?**

Brie.

**3) What county were you born in?**

Tarrant.

**4) Automatic or Manual?**

Manual.

**5) Does tequila make your clothes fall off?**

I don't wear clothes.

**6) What is the biggest piece of furniture you own?**

A sofa.

**7) Have you ever licked the cheese off a Dorito & not eaten it?**

Absolutely not.

**8) What song would you like to be listening to right now?**

Архистратиг.

**9) Innie or outie?**

Depends on the day.

**13) Are you a tactful person?**

It depends on who I am with at the time. With strangers/lesser known people, yes, usually. With friends, nope.

**14) Have you ever told someone they didn't look bad when they asked when they actually did look bad?**

Of course.

**15) Do you question the norm?**

I question conformity (just like the Aceman, again).

**16) Do you like to pop other peoples zits?**

Only with wire cutters.

**17) Are you guilty of handing out unsolicited advice?**

Yes.

**18) Do you prefer to give or receive presents?**

Give!

**19) Have you ever ridden a horse?**

Yes.

**20) Do you own a deep fat fryer (like a fry-daddy)?**

I do it in a big pot. Plus - the only two things I deep fry are Felafel and Stray Pets.

**21) Do you like the smell of Ketchup?**

Ne!

**22) Have you ever regifted anyone?**

I am unaware of what regifted means.

**23) Have you ever smoked Pot?**

Not this week, baby.

**24) Are you an impulsive person?**

Yes.

**25) Have you ever committed a Random Act Of Kindness?**

Yes.

**26) How many pairs of shoes do you own?**

Four, counting house slippers and sandals.

**27) Do you read shampoo bottle & ect. in the shower or bathtub?**

I don't wash myself.

**28) Does it bother you that someone you know, other than your family members, feel free to just walk in your house without knocking?**

Nope.

**29) Do you know anyone who has the uncanny ability to be able to (accurately) finish your sentences?**

Nope.

**30) Give me another word for penis?**

Klobasa, úd, pyj, pero.

**31) Give me another word for vagina?**

Kunda, píča, el coño.

**32) If you could own your own company or business, what kind would it be?**

Cafe or pub.

**33) How many pets do you have?**

Three if you count my flatmate.

**34) Have you ever had a "Fling"?**

Yes.

**35) Nachos or Pretzels (stadium kind)?**

Nachos.

**36) Do you think Brad & Angelina will last?**

I have no clue who Brad and Angelina are.

**37) Do you care?**

Not at all.

**38) Who makes you laugh the most?**

Chris Bender.

**39) Do you consider yourself a beautiful person on the inside?**

I consider myself a rodent on the inside.

**40) Do think Michael Jackson is a freak or just misunderstood?**

I have no opinion.

**41) If you could be on any reality show, which one would it be?**

Sex with Sheep and Goats in the Czech Republic.

**42) Do you like lightening bugs?**

Insects are for the weak.

**43) Have you ever had sex on a trampoline?**

Yup.

**44) Have you ever had to have an enema?**

Yup.

**45) Have you ever gotten an autograph from a professional athlete?**

Nope.

**46) Who is the biggest slut you know (male or female)?**

Daša Čermaková.

**47) When I say the word ASSWIPE, who comes to mind?**

Charles Burnside.

**48) Have you ever let someone have something that was very special to you because they needed it more?**

Yes.

**49) Can you sing well?**

Only if I concentrate very hard.

**50) How many time a day do you poop?**

Once.

**51) What is your favorite website?**

http://www.google.com[1]

**52) Do you consider yourself an addict of any kind?**

Yes, though Lucía strongly disagrees.

**53) If your closest friend's companion came on to you would you tell your friend?**

Yup.

**54) What is your favorite song to make fun of?**

Anything by Divokej Bill.

**55) Do you laugh alot?**

No.

**56) Do you cry alot?**

No.

**57) Have you ever saved anyone's life?**

Not directly.

**58) What is your favorite thing to do to relax?**

Go to the Zoo.

**59) Do you ever count sheep?**

No, but I shag them.

**60) Did you enjoy this survey?**

Sure.


=> http://www.google.com 1: http://www.google.com


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
