# This is a good thing to do whilst waiting for the plane to Tejas
## Topics: absurdity
## 2005-12-14

**1. ONE OF YOUR SCARS, HOW DID YOU GET IT?**

I don't remember. I was drunk.

**2. WHAT IS ON THE WALLS IN YOUR ROOM?**

Many Pilsner Urquell bottle labels.

**3. WHAT DOES YOUR MOBILE PHONE LOOK LIKE?**

Old and ugly. Fuck modern phones.

**4. WHAT MUSIC DO YOU LIKE TO LISTEN TO?**

I only like Christmas Carols.

**5. DO YOU KNOW WHAT TIME YOU WERE BORN?**

8 am.

**6. WHAT DO YOU WANT MORE THAN ANYTHING RIGHT NOW?**

Laughter.

**7. WHAT DO YOU MISS AT TIMES?**

A girl named Ana.

**8. WHAT IS YOUR MOST PRIZED POSSESSION?**

My feet.

**9. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE SMELL?**

Basil.

**10. DO YOU GET CLAUSTROPHOBIC?**

Yes. Often.

**12. THE LAST PERSON WHO MADE YOU CRY?**

Zuzanka.

**13. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE COLOGNE / PERFUME?**

Sweat.

**14. WHAT KIND OF HAIR DO YOU LIKE ON THE OPPOSITE SEX?**

Untended.

**15. WHERE CAN YOU SEE YOURSELF BEING PROPOSED TO AT?**

Bratislava at Sylvestr.

16: DO YOU LIKE PORN?

Having worked in the industry, I'd say certainly not.

**17. WHO IS THE LAST PERSON YOU MADE MAD?**

Ana.

**20. DO YOU SPEAK A DIFFERENT LANGUAGE?**

Ano. Ja. Hai. Si. Oui. Da.

**21. WHAT WAS THE FIRST GIFT SOMEONE EVER GAVE YOU?**

An eggplant.

**28. WOULD YOU FALL IN LOVE KNOWING THAT THE PERSON IS LEAVING?**

I've done it, for sure.

**29. WHAT IS THE BEST WAY TO TELL SOMEONE HOW MUCH THEY MEAN TO YOU?**

Chocolate, of course.

**30. SAY A NUMBER FROM ONE TO A HUNDRED:**

Bad grammar has no excuses (except for non-english natives).

**31. BLONDES, REDHEADS OR BRUNETTES?**

**4.**

**32. WHAT IS ONE NUMBER YOU CALL OFTEN?**

**+421 0903 426 067.**

**33. WHAT ANNOYS YOU MOST?**

Time.

**34. HAVE YOU EVER DONE A PRANK CALL?**

Yes, but very very long ago.

**39. WHAT WERE YOU DOING BEFORE YOU FILLED OUT THIS SURVEY?**

Cleaning the flat.

**40. IF YOU COULD GET PLASTIC SURGERY, WHAT WOULD YOU GET DONE?**

Nothing.

**41. WHY DID YOU FILL OUT THIS SURVEY?**

I gotta kill time before the plane leaves.

**42. WHAT DO YOU LIKE ON YOUR PIZZA?**

Cream, ham and mushrooms.

**43. WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF ALCOHOL BECAME ILLEGAL?**

Move to a different country.

**44. WHAT DO YOU WANT FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY?**

Io.

**46. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE?**

My grandmother's cat was named Bob.

**47. DO YOU WISH ON STARS?**

Only Polarka.

**48. WHICH FINGER[S] IS YOUR FAVORITE?**

I don't have fingers.

**49. WHEN DID YOU LAST CRY?**

Saturday.

**50. DO YOU LIKE YOUR HANDWRITING?**

When I am not drunk.

**51. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE LUNCH MEAT?**

Utopenec.

**52. ANY BAD HABITS?**

BAD is a very relative word.

**53. WHAT IS YOUR MOST EMBARRASSING CD ON THE SHELF?**

Is this a trick question?

**54. IF YOU WERE ANOTHER PERSON, WOULD YOU BE FRIENDS WITH YOU?**

Certainly.

**55. HAVE YOU EVER TOLD A SECRET YOU SWORE NOT TO TELL?**

Secrets are for the weak.

**56. DO LOOKS MATTER?**

Yes.

**57. HOW DO YOU RELEASE ANGER?**

I don't get angry.

**58. WHERE IS YOUR SECOND HOME?**

Munich.

**59. DO YOU TRUST OTHERS EASILY?**

Unfortunately, yes.

**60. WHAT WAS YOUR FAVORITE TOY AS A CHILD?**

A rubber duck named 'Lucky'.

**61. WHAT CLASS IN SCHOOL DO YOU THINK IS TOTALLY USELESS?**

Every single one of them.

**62. DO YOU HAVE A JOURNAL?**

Is this a trick question?

**63. DO YOU USE SARCASM?**

I don't know the meaning of the word.

**64. HAVE YOU EVER BEEN IN A MOSH PIT?**

Unfortunately.

**65. WHAT DO YOU LOOK FOR IN A GUY/GIRL?**

Irrationality, of course.

**66. WHAT ARE YOUR NICKNAMES?**

Polaris. Inhortte. VoleÄek.

**67. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP?**

Already did it.

**68. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOELACES BEFORE YOU TAKE THEM OFF?**

I don't believe in shoelaces.

**69. DO YOU THINK THAT YOU HAVE STRONG POINTS?**

Certainly.

**70. WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE ICE CREAM FLAVOR?**

I don't eat ice cream.

**71. What is your shoe size?**

**45. But I think I've answered this question before.**

**72. WHAT ARE YOUR FAVORITE COLORS?**

Black.

**73. HOW MANY WISDOM TEETH DO YOU HAVE?**

Nada.

**74. WHO DO YOU MISS MOST RIGHT NOW?**

Ana.

**75. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS?**

I don't care, actually.

**76. WHAT ARE YOU LISTENING TO RIGHT NOW?**

Ulver.

**77. LAST THING YOU ATE?**

Bramborovy salat s tunakem.

**78. LAST PERSON YOU TALKED TO ON THE PHONE?**

Ana.

**79. THE FIRST THING YOU NOTICE IN THE OPPOSITE SEX?**

Hands.

**80. DO YOU LOVE THE PERSON WHO POSTED THIS?**

Yeah, though I haven't talked to her in years.

**81. HOW ARE YOU TODAY?**

Tired but attempting to stay awake.

**82. FAVORITE DRINK?**

Water.

**83. FAVORITE ALCOHOLIC DRINK?**

Not Czech "Rum".

**84. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE SPORT?**

Squash.

**85. HAIR COLOR?**

Blondish.

**86. EYE COLOR?**

Blue-grey with a yellow halo.

**87. DO YOU WEAR GLASSES?**

Unfortunately.

**88. SIBLINGS?**

Yes.

**89. FAVORITE MONTH?**

November.

**90. FAVORITE FOOD?**

Sushi.

**91. LAST MOVIE YOU WATCHED?**

What's Eating Gilbert Grape?

**92. FAVORITE DAY OF THE YEAR?**

Tuesday.

**93. ARE YOU TOO SHY TO ASK SOMEONE OUT?**

Nope.

**94. SUMMER OR WINTER?**

Winter.

**95. HUGS OR KISSES?**

Frightfully sloppy sex.

**96. RELATIONSHIPS OR ONE NIGHT STANDS?**

What's the difference?

**97. WHO IS THE MOST LIKELY TO ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS?**

Me.

**98. WHO IS THE LEAST LIKELY TO ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS?**

Someone who is not killing time waiting for an aeroplane.

**99. WHAT BOOKS ARE YOU READING?**

Just finished the Count of Monte Christo, but I thought it was absolute rubbish.

**100. WHAT'S ON YOUR MOUSE PAD?**

Mouse pads are for the weak.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
