# 100 Things About Me
## Topics: livejournal, trivia, personality, psychology, 38
## 2005-12-25

Xmas day boredom and Solnitchka inspired this.

**1.** I am sterile.

**2.** I have a child that I have never met.

**3.** I like wearing non-matching socks.

**4.** I worked in the porn business.

**5.** I don't like porn at all.

**6.** Genmaicha tea is my favourite drink.

**7.** Very strong English (especially American) accents annoy me.

**8.** I was baptised twice.

**9.** I am an atheist.

**10.** Capitalism disgusts me.

**11.** The only things I like to do on a beach are smoke, drink wine and be introspective.

**12.** I try to never order the same thing twice in a row at a restaurant.

**13.** In general, I like cooking better than I like socializing.

**14.** Hashish floats my boat.

**15.** My birthday is the day after the birthday of a girl I was obsessed with.

**16.** I don't become obsessed with girls any longer (though I often used to). In fact, I am much less romantic and much more jaded and cynical than in my "younger" years.

**17.** The only things I am materialistic about are my journals, some books, and objects concerned with music. Everything else is disposable/replaceable.

**18.** I worked at Microsoft.

**19.** I attempt to avoid Microsoft products.

**20.** My favourite programming language is Lisp.

**21.** 75% of the projects I begin are never completed.

**22.** Changes (even small, seemingly superficial ones) in my lifestyle invigorate me.

**23.** I like black metal.

**24.** I once thought I had genital herpes, but I was mistaken.

**25.** I bite my fingernails.

**26.** One of my favourite books is The Unconsoled by Kazuo Ishiguro.

**27.** One of my favourite films is Los Lunes al Sol by Fernando León de Aranoa.

**28.** The only thing I am truly afraid of is mortality (see #38).

**29.** I dismiss native English speakers who regularly confuse their, they're and there as a waste of sentience. I realise that this is a bad thing.

**30.** I had my first real girlfriend when I was 22. She was 14.

**31.** I can touch-type using both the qwerty and Dvořák keyboard layouts.

**32.** Unless I am drunk, I am extremely reserved in a crowd of people I do not know well.

**33.** I prefer the timbre of woodwinds to brass.

**34.** When I was a child, I collected packs of gum with one stick left in them.

**35.** My preference is to send an sms as opposed to calling.

**36.** I do my best work after 8pm.

**37.** I am not a technophile.

**38.** I am not quite claustrophobic, but close.

**39.** I have mild tinnitus.

**40.** I believe that trying to change someone's behaviour or attitudes in the context of a friendship or relationship is ultimately futile and destructive.

**41.** Autumn is my favourite season.

**42.** I tend to flush the toilet before I am completely finished urinating.

**43.** I enjoy gambling.

**44.** I have always wanted to own a boat and live on it.

**45.** I do not drink coffee.

**46.** Once I felt that lyrics were very vital to my enjoyment of music. Now, except for a few exceptions, I don't bother myself with them much.

**47.** I am obsessive about showering every day.

**48.** I am turned off by cultural pigeonholes.

**49.** Ingrained traditions bother me.

**50.** I'd rather eat broccoli florets than potato (or corn) chips.

**51.** I was only a futbol (soccer) fan once -- June 2004 in Portugal. Other than that, I have never followed team sports.

**52.** Sports I do enjoy include biking, hiking and jogging.

**53.** People who attempt to push their own ideals, philosophies and/or habits (whether they consider them religious, common sensical, moral or otherwise) onto others annoy me.

**54.** I am a city boy.

**55.** One of my ex-girlfriends broke my nose.

**56.** Another one broke my heart.

**57.** I have often considered joining a monastery.

**58.** Once, while I was under the influence of an excess of marijuana (and consequently paranoia), I had to tie myself to my bed to keep from jumping from the window.

**59.** I shagged a prostitute (actually several).

**60.** In the past, my online journal (primarily one which was sadly lost due to a harddisk crash) angered or alienated several people (women).

**61.** I was stranded in Alice Springs, Australia for three days with a crazy person.

**62.** I had my head shaved in Vienna.

**63.** I bribed a cop.

**64.** I prefer command line to point and click.

**65.** My favourite fruits are avacados and olives.

**66.** My body reacts badly to intense heat.

**67.** I do math problems for fun.

**68.** My favourite card game is Cribbage.

**69.** I never want to live in the United States again in my life.

**70.** I rode a bus from Muenchen to Bucuresti. It was completely full. I was the only one on board who was not Romanian. It took 39 hours.

**71.** I spent the night in a parking garage in Anchorage, Alaska.

**72.** I've gone five days without eating.

**73.** I like quite a bit of music which makes most other people leave the room.

**74.** I am also a fan of Balkan and Russian folk music.

**75.** I travel long distances often just to see concerts.

**76.** I do not own a television, a car, or a microwave.

**77.** I was arrested for disembarking from a plane in Newark, New Jersey drunk out of my mind.

**78.** I also spent the night in jail in Houston, Texas.

**79.** I spent two nights inside the Vienna aeroport.

**80.** I ordered a double vodka during a job interview, drank it and still got the job.

**81.** I played accordian and wine glasses filled with various amounts of water at an avant-garde performance in Prague.

**82.** My love of adjectives has declined over the years.

**83.** My feelings about puns has stayed about the same.

**84.** I don't answer questions that I perceive as rhetorical.

**85.** I listen now to almost no music that I did when I was in high school and university.

**86.** I often have dreams which are set in the town in which I grew up.

**87.** I tend to write music which is too complicated for me to easily play.

**88.** Dagmar Krause is my favourite female singer. Robert Wyatt is my favourite male singer. These are subject to change on a daily or even hourly basis.

**89.** I don't dance.

**90.** I write beautiful melodies.

**91.** I've lived in 13 different places in Prague and seven in Munich.

**92.** When the time comes for me to snuff it, I'd like to know that I am dying.

**93.** I give money to homeless people.

**94.** At times I am exceedingly irreverent.

**95.** I like to not know where I shall sleep tomorrow.

**96.** I enjoy going to playgrounds and swinging.

**97.** I don't normally eat sweets.

**98.** Routine drains my energy.

**99.** I believe that the struggle against the fleeting nature of existence and the piecing together of moments in hindsight keeps us sane.

**100.** I am an optimist.

**Music:** Daniel Lanois


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
