# Bare Footsies
## Topics: livejournal, dana
## 2004-05-12

**Context:** Some quiz passed around on Livejournal (some misname these things *memes* these days) that resulted in:

> Barefoot- free, rebellious, and wild, you hate
> boundries and rules. You tend to be on the
> crazy side and often sweep people up along with
> you. You are most likely the leader of your
> group of friends. [please vote! thank you! :)]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commentaries:

fjolublatt:

> oich, you got that barefoot-thingy too.
Me:

> yeah. it's a pity that i am usually shoed, however!
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> All shoes wear off sooner or later. Just have patience and do not get mad with the jokey.
Me:

> to usually be replaced by others.
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> At least you may hope the other pair will be more confortable.
Me:

> or hope that i am not too irritated by shopping for the new pair.
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> in which case you cannot blame the shoes for your goofy steps.
Me:

> i don't step. i glide.
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> that i knew. but i've thought you've landed meanwhile.
Me:

> gliding can be a ground (or near ground) oriented activity. that being the case, i am, yes, rather land-bound.
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> does landing on the ground makes one a down to earth person?
Me:

> no, but perhaps remaining on the ground does.
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> do you think that if 2 people land together in the same place they have a common ground?
Me:

> at the time, yes. the question is if they can maintain that common ground.
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> what about each of them carring around some dust from the common ground?
Me:

> purposefully or underneath their toenails?
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> either will do, as long as none of them minds the nails aspect.
Me:

> if the dust remains with both, whether on purpose or by accident, they are somehow bound.
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> i should give up washing my hands. seems this is my chance to have some connection to famous people.
Me:

> do you wish for or even require some sort of connection with famous people?
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> neither. I've just thought it would be fun to say i have some common ground with Elvis. Maybe I can even sell the common ground.
Me:

> capitalist!
> :(
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> all right, forget about Elvis. I'm willing to replace him with Mobutu Sese Seko Kuku Ngbendu wa Za Banga.
Me:

> though i have no idea who that is, i am happy you withdrew your folly.
Anonymous (assumed to be creature):

> I propose the following b-elaboration:
> he gambles on the saddle
> (it doesn't matter barefoot or with a sandal)
> he's pulling at the mane
> (is he a leader or he's just insane?!)
> he thrashes at the horse's back
> (if you ask me, he's often quite a pain in the neck)
> ambition is a bloody game
> (and yet it's hard to find for him a blame)
> Don't try to stop him when he pulls it off!


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
