# Today's Special Quote
## Topics: livejournal, absurdity, relationships
## 2004-06-24

"A woman's test is material. A man's test is a woman...if a man could fuck in a cardboard box, he wouldn't buy a house." - Rabbi Dave Chappelle

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commentaries:

Acy:

> I am a pan of fed ants.
Me:

> I am happy to hear that. How difficult was it to scatter your consciousness among a scampering horde of insects?
Acy:

> I simply infused my brain with neurotransmitter-sampling nanomachines and advanced cryoprotectants. The nanosamplers inserted themselves densely into my cell membranes and then, after my body was cooled to subzero temperatures, they were sampled at high resolution using an 815T MRI. Each sampler reported the concentration of one of over thirty different neurotransmitters and neuropeptides, which, combined with their precise position, allowed a cognition-space transform to map my cognitive processes into a widely distributed network if nanoprocessors. These were loaded into a wasp-like delivery drone and implanted into the males and workers of a swarm of Neivamyrmex pilosus.
Me:

> What are the purpose of wasps, really?
Anonymous:

> that's what happens when you only shop at IKEA. he should try to get some big furniture which comes in boxes that can accomodate all needs. fucking including.
Me:

> Are you stupid or what?
Anonymous:

> just trying to judge things by their face-value and see what monsters i can give birth to by doing that.
Tony:

> sPONG?


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
