# (no subject)
## Topics: drugs, livejournal, alcohol, friendship
## 2004-10-06

I really don't update this thing very often, do I?

Well, I can expound on today's plan, however. I shall go home, get drunk and play nethack until I pass out. When I awaken, I shall prepare for my trip to České Budějovice and figure out when I can possibly go visit Maja in Munich. Perhaps the following weekend? Women are very good at making me feel guilty.

**Music:** Peter Blegvad

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commentaries:

Jayson:

> Nethack... so did you win?
Me:

> No, I gave up after a while from frustration and watched a film (21 Grams) instead.
Acy:

> Smoke pot instead. If you smoke enough, you'll still pass out, but you won't be destroying your liver. Your lungs won't like you so much, though. However, I imagine your lungs can handle the abuse a little better at this point.
Jayson:

> Just make pot brownies then. It will take a little longer to start but you can really get messed up and have a hard time being certain of the doesage until it's too late. Your liver and lungs will thank you.
Tony:

> Or heroin! Fast-acting, provides hours of entertainment.
Acy:

> Yeah, but it gives the brownies a nasty bitter flavor and makes you unbelievable constipated.
Me:

> Do you prefer constipation or prujem, Aceman?
Acy:

> The dosage is really not that hard to titrate. Just make them really fucking strong and start out with a little tiny brownie. Work up from there.
Me:

> I am uncertain why you would think that I would not be alive, my dear Aceman. I can get pot, if needed, from my friends in Kacerov, but I don't really like the way it makes me feel, especially if I am alone. Paranoia. Did I ever tell you the story about when I had to tie myself to my bed when I was living in Holland so I wouldn't jump out of the window? Too much marijuana. Hmmm.... I guess I understand why you may think that I would not be alive.
> 
> Maja is a girl with whom Loyal talked on the phone four years ago. I remember very clearly what he told me when she handed me back my mobile: "Dude, I can't believe it. She's 18!" If anyone wants to call me next weekend, you may be able to talk to her, as well.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
