# Here is an Interesting Curiosity
## Topics: livejournal.literature
## 2004-11-25

http://polaris.fucksheep.org/boc_astronomy_w_stephen_king.mp3[1] After reading the whole 'Dark Tower' series by Stephen King over the last week, I find this nostalgic bit of music. It is not exactly connected, but, for sure, interesting. The aforementioned novels are possibly a bit of pop culture, but I enjoyed them immensely. The characters have a resonant depth, and when each of them died, I was gripped with emotional pain. Maybe it breaks no new ground like James Joyce or Tolkien did, but it is, nonetheless, gripping. When Jake died, I cried. And I don't usually cry. Oy: "I Ake!" That could be 'Bye Jake' or 'I ache'. If you haven't read them, it would make no sense, probably. Oh, by the way, here is the original: http://polaris.fucksheep.org/boc_astronomy.mp3[2]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commentaries:

Tony:

> Don't post spoilers, damn it!
Me:

> Wanna beat me over the head with a mallet or what?
Tony:

> I will beat on you with a plastic bat or walrus.
> 
> It was no mallet, but a magna of illusion.
Me:

> At least it wasn't the Forge of Vulcan.

=> http://polaris.fucksheep.org/boc_astronomy_w_stephen_king.mp3 1: http://polaris.fucksheep.org/boc_astronomy_w_stephen_king.mp3
=> http://polaris.fucksheep.org/boc_astronomy.mp3 2: http://polaris.fucksheep.org/boc_astronomy.mp3


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
