# Kapr with its Close Companions
## Topics: krnov, family
## 2006-12-25

Krnov in a makeshift couchbed as the timid girl of my dreams takes a long morning shower. I am happy as a child in this place. Trains carried me satisfactorily to the small but unassuming railway station yesterday. I disembarked and walked hand in hand with Jana through the town, taking a long way, finally arriving here where I have recently given up on sleeping and plan to pursue vigorously the new day. Xmas day, according to the legends, they all say.

Meeting the family can always be an awkward situation. I must admit I was nervous, a trembling deer on a cold night near the highway, but I warmed nearly immediately though my communication skills are sorely lacking. Hey, I certainly tried. Yeah. Kapr was dinner with its close companions potato salad and fishy soup. Xmas in the midsection of Europe - possibly the center of the world - certainly the center of mine! I'll have to review my ex-journals to find the description of my last Czech Xmas dinner. As far as I can recall, however, this current one blew the previous away without even a smidgen of effort. Possibly atmosphere helped, as well, but my mind cannot conjure right now a realistic comparison. The only mote in the evening was related to Gustav's whining which often interrupted the clear and otherwise fruitful events.

I received a multitude of gifts (one of which I am writing in now). I was left wondering whether I should've brought more! :( My tummy is fumbling and soon breakfast will foist itself upon me!

Jana appears to be completing her shower. It is time to enjoy my second day in a town I've wanted to see for nearly a year. More later...


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
