# Dissolving Beams from a Dying Sun
## Topics: communities
## 2021-08-15

Kenji Kihara weaves a tapestry of sound about the room as I type into an (almost) empty Vim buffer once again. It's been quite a while, or so it seems. The impetus for this entry was actually my joining of a small *Virtual City* called **Nightfall City**. I sit disconsolate on the moors of **Dusk's End**, or rather, any entry that ends up in my Gemini feed does. Can blog entries be disconsolate? I posit that they can emit a sensation of disconsolateness. I'm not sure this one will achieve such a feat, however, as I'm rather bleary from only four to five hours of sleep during each night of the last week and a half. Big fun!

As far as social media and *Virtual Cities* go, I've been pleased over the last few years with the Sonomu.club community on Mastodon. I've found like-minded humans (and possibly mustelids) there who share love for music and poetry and are purveyors of positive reinforcement as opposed to the good old American **negative** reinforcement I grew up with and which pervades much of what I've seen of Western Culture. Oh, the psychopathy of passive aggressive manipulation and *chantaje emocional*. Big fun!

As for the colossal changes that are about to crescendo in my life, I'll get to them soon. I simply wanted to add an entry like stabbing a small flag into the crest of a moor before I rise again to walk to the next, even higher one.


=> gemini://thurk.org/blog/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
