# Lakife - some grammar ideas

=> gemini://thurk.org/lakife/index.gmi tzifur

### to have

* Kon ... jetz == with ...
* Et kon kolep jetz: I'm with a pigeon
* Li introduces a modifyer phrase
* Piluf sylet li kon soloz jetz: Another weeping bloom
* Piluf (s)ylet: next bloom
* la kon soloz jetz: that has a tear
* Qikon af ... jetz: to want. *af* is the hypothetical particle. Literally "i hypothetically have" or "were i to have".
* et qikon af li lofez qisylet (jetz): I hypothetically have that a sheep becomes another. I want another sheep.
* jetz should be understood with want

### one of your pidgeons

* like in czech: jeden z tvých holubů

### spatial

* near: at the side of - konis == beside

It is near (at my side): an konis You are near: is konis You are near (beside) me: is kon et nis You are here. Is mole. I'm coming (to you). Et qikon is topen. I'm coming there (to your place). Et qitin mole isiz. to stay, remain, wait: mikonis I'll wait until tomorrow: et mikonis pelis ten sylet (pot). Fek ten sylet pot et qeqikez. Tomorrow, I become a goat.

* proximous

It is proximous: an pelonis You are proximous: is pelonis You are close to me: is pelis et nis You are by (at) my side: is fek pilos nis

* far: without touch

It is far: an nufixum / an pes nufix nis. It is without touch. You are far from me: is pes et nis

* distant: unseeable

Is fek tilokum topen. You go out of sight / no sight. Anju qoqifek tilokum topen. He left. Anju qomimole um. He became not here. He left. Is fek nufixum topen. You go out of touch / no touch. Et sot mole topen. I go out of this place. I'm outta here. Joz sot mole topen. Get out of here. You are very distant (you are outside of this space): is sot mole nis

* near (communication): with words

you are near (you are with words): is kolam jetz (is kon lam jetz == literally they have words)

* far (communication): beyond words

they are far: solan pelam jetz (solan pes lam jetz == literally do not have words)

* distant: with silence

she is distant: an(a) kotix jetz

* side: pilos


* back: spal


* at the back: fespal


* I'm at the back: et mispal (I exist in the back - more permanent?)/ et fespal


* body / form / shape: soxel


* head: kop


* sky: miqir


* face: kar


* skin / surface: fix


* foot: naham


* floor: tunaham (from tul & naham)


* earth : tzem


* middle / stable place: haru


* expanding place: hara (creation)


* position: motyk


* sitting / squatting: mi-riz tul


* lying: mi-ref tul


* standing: mi-riz hal


* et qin haru nis: I am in the stable place (home?)


* an tzunis: it is in the middle (in the between)


* lanase tul fek ses jetz: that person is low in spirit. Spiritual sense. Not depressed.


* lanase tul fek haru jetz: that person is low in stability / home-place. Depressed?



### Time

* nole - now
* noljae - this instant
* funol - past
* funolu - past discreet time
* funola - past indeterminate span
* funola jeniz - once (during one span of time in the past)
* potonol / potonolu / potonola - future
* pelis nol lil pot - in little time/ soon
* pelin(ol) - soon

### pronouns

* et / solet: I / we
* yz: We, exclusive
* is / solis: You
* an: he / she / it
* anju / anja: he (male) / she (female)

### verbs

* existence, change into a state, transaction between a source and a beneficiary, and part or quality of a whole
* qi- ... change into a state
* hupu qihupa: the noise becomes music
* hapa: fire, qihapa: to become fire, qoqihapa: burned, qeqihapa: will burn
* kitap qihapa: thebook becomes burning
* anja jo qoqihapa kitap: she burned the book
* hara: creation: qihara: become extant, qoqihara: made, qeqihara: will make
* pro-verbs?
* rolihara: to do in this manner (thus)
* et(jo) txihara rolit? Do I do it this way?
* et rolitihara? Do I do it this way?
* is txihara holit? is holitihara? What are you doing?
* pepir: from above. qipepir: to begin to fall
* mi-: existence
* mitzunis: to be in the middle / float
* mifonis: to be among / mingle
* qifonis: to become part of / join
* et mifonis kon lanas sol jetz: I'm mingling with people
* et mifonis kon myx sol etiz jetz: I'm among my thoughts - thinking hard?
* et mitzunis kon myx sol etiz jetz: I'm floating (lost) in my thoughts
* et fol myxu nis: I'm among my daydreams.
* mikon af (jetz): to need
* isjo mikon af tam. She needs blood
* is mikon li tet anju isiz qismet: She needs her father to die (she needs that he father dies)
* tzi- transaction
* tzimyx: to think
* tzimyxa: to have an idea
* etjo tzanon tzihupa: i music (play on an instrument) the song
* etjo tzanon tzihup: i sound (play) the song (on a stereo)
* Qisylet: to become another of / another. Always in clause.
* Qijen: to become one with (join)
* is qeqijen kon is jetz. I will join you.
* tzilok: to see. tziloka: to look (at)
* anja jo sopen teniz tzilok. She saw the dawn (beginning of the day)
* anjo sopen teniz tziloka: She watched (looked at) the dawn
* laugh AT... normal ERG ABL verb ... no preposition is needed
* *Etjo qotxiposa fela hupol kez.* I laughed because of the goat. Or the goat made me laugh. This does not mean I made fun of the goat.
* I smiled because of the goat. *Etjo qotxiposa fela ret kez.*
* I smiled at the goat. *Et qotxiposa fela ret pelis kez.*

### adjectival clauses

* xebe li soletjo qotzikomu (an): that bread that we ate (it)
* anju li qomilankif qoqikuraf: he who was a drunkard became a prostitue.

### nouns

* mark all subjects of transitive verbs ergative (jo)

### adverbs & connectives

* zas: again
* Zas is qikon af tam. She wants blood again.
* Mou zas is qikon keris. She needs a rat again
* jena: singular
* jenu: lone, only
* potot: afterwards
* mofek: at the place
* nofek: at the time (then)
* ronuz: in this / that way (referring to the previous phrase)
* pelja (pelis ja nis): almost (near the transformation)
* hal ... jetz: instead of (in the "place" of)
* x tzuf mole y liz: x instead of y
* x fal nole y liz: x in spite of y
* fal ... jetz: in spite of
* *nuzole* - because. ends the phrase that starts with *li*.
* *Li et mikonum hiqa nuzole pa is kon kez etiz jetz.*
* Because I am dead, you can have my goat.

### conjunctive

* -i: and. miqir tzemi: heaven and earth

### idiomatic?

* et kon myx isiz jetz (nis?): I am with your thoughts (I agree)

### pejorative

* It would be funny if the context tells you whether or not you are being pejorative

### aspect

* incohatove - qi- (intransitive): *lok sol kes liz qoqinoz*. The goat's eyes darkened (became dark)
* CAN - *pa* particle.
* volitive - *tou* particle.

### valence (see book)

### phrases

* *Pelis pinu noliz pot anja kez fek nulu topen tzihupol.* Until the end of time, the goat-like woman yammers into the void.

### comparatives

#### coordination

*Anju somut anjao*. Boy much-amount girl-comparative. More boys than girls. *-o* is the comparative suffix, which works the same as *-i*, the conjunctive suffix. *somut* is "more" (much amount). *somute* is "the most" (amount). *nomute* is "the most" (time). *momute* is "the most" (space). *Ten teno fure kez somut qotzifek mole*. Today day-then the-before goat many past-to here. Today, more goats came than yesterday.

### Subjunctive

* whatever. *hole af*.
* anywhere / wherever. *mole af*.
* whatever you want. *Hole af li is qikon af.*
* wherever the sheep needs to go. *Mou mole af li lofez tzifek.*

### Subordinate clause xof

We are going home to feed the goat. *Yz fek peite topen lijo kez peletz txijet.* We to home direction that-ERG goat DAT TRS-food.

* I'm not sure *jo* is needed.

We're arriving soon to eat the goat. *Pelin yz mimolap topen lijo kez tzijet.* Soon we be-somewhere direction that-ERG goat TRS-food. Let's go to the place that has contented goats. *Jax solet fek mole li (an) kon kez sol kofelu.* JUS we to place that it with goat PLU content. **an** is only needed if the subject of the subordinate clause is ambiguous.  I see the village that we're going to. *Etjo txilok peitotz li solet fek an.* I-ERG INC-eye village that we to it.

*role* can introduce a subordinate clause or simply a noun phrase. It means, roughly, "how". *Kez jo kop ariz qotzirox role naham etiz.* By-the-means foot my. *Et kon zanum role kez qoqihiqaum.* i with knowledge-not how goat past-incoh-life-not. i don't know how the goat died.
