# Lakife
## Phrases illustrating grammar

=> gemini://thurk.org/lakife/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini:/thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

- Fal sopene pot, kotjo jena qoqihara miqir tzemi.
- In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.

- Tzeme qomipes soxel jetz, qominuluqi: Nozu qominuz fix nulu liz nis. Ses kot liz jena qoqimolja nuz fix teliz topen.
- And the earth was without form, and void: and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.

- Kotjo jena qotzilak, «Jax miten». Qomiten. 
- And (the one) god said, Let there be light: and there was light.

- Kotjo jena qotzilok tene. An qomitetz. Kotjo jena qotzitaf ten pes nozu topen.
- And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.

- Kotjo jena tenu petz Ten qotzilamu. Nozu petz anjo Noz qotxilamu. Ten pinu teni sopen qoqiten jeniz.
- And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.

- Kez jo kop ariz qotzirox role naham etiz.
- Goat ERG head its PAST-PERF-rupture this-way foot GEN my. The goat broke his head on my foot.

- Etjo qotzija naham (ariz) li (an)jo kop kez liz qotzirox.
- I used my foot to break the goat's head.

- Et mija.
- I exist.

- Pa is tziloku tzuf rox nuz lok etiz nis (topen).
- You can see through the crack in my eye.

- Anja jo is peletz rukam qetzija.
- She will transform her hand to you. Ie, she will hit you.
- Not sure about this.

- Anja jo rukam qetzija lej jo kar isiz tziroxax.
- She ERG hand FUT-PERF-transform SUBORD-ABS ERG face your PERF-rupture-derogatory. She will transact her hand so it ruptures your face.

- Anja jo miretena plax.
- She ERG IMP-radiant evil. She radiates evil.

- Anja jo miretina plax lej jo kez txisohiqu.
- She ERG IMP-radiant evil SUBORD-ABS ERG goat PERF-out-of-life. She radiates the evil that kills goats.

- Tetyk yziz qiretena.
- Star our INCOH-radiant. The sun begins to shine.

- Tetyk soletiz qotxiretena.
- Star our PAST-PERF-radiant. The sun shone.

- Tetyk soletiz qetziretena.
- Star our FUT-PERF-radiant. The sun will shine.

- Tetyk yziz qomiretina.
- Star our PAST-IMP-radiant. The sun was shining.

- Pes funole tetyk soletiz miretena.
- Since then-past star our IMP-radiant. Since an undetermined time in the past, the sun shines. The sun has been shining.

- Nolja sylet tetyk soletiz miretena.
- The sun is shining again. 

- Tetyk soletiz txiretena ten sylet.
- The sun will shine tomorrow. (_Qe-_ is not required since _ten sylet_ implies future.)

- Peten tetyk soletiz miretena.
- Radiance star our IMP-radiant. The sun shines brightly.

- Fek xil pinu tilok (liz), tetyk soletiz qilokja.
- At line end sight (GEN), star our INCOH-visible. At the horizon (at the sight's end edge), the sun becomes visible.

- Lanasek qotzihupoluk sonulen.
- All the people shouted (yelled sudden-like)

- Lanasap qotzihupoluk sonulen.
- Some of the people shouted.

- Tanolja lanas mut qotzihupoluk sonulen.
- Many people shouted twice.

- Nolja mut lanas fela tzihupoluk sonulen.
- Time-tangible many person joy PERF-mouth-exaggerated sudden. Often, happy people shout.

- Kotzotz tzihalja tzuf sipas.
- The kitten moved upwards through the air. The kitten jumped up.

- Kotzotz fek fix sofor (topen) tzihalja tzuf sipas.
- Kitten to surface work (direction) PERF-rise throught atmosphere. Onto the table, the kitten lept.

- Pemole kotzotz etiz mal qotzija.
- From here my little cat moved. My little cat walked away.

- Mimiqitela.
- It's raining.

- Tel mija pes miqir.
- Water IMP-transform from sky. Water falls from the sky. It's raining.

- Miqitel qomipelis tul.
- Rain PAST-IMP-towards lowThe rain was coming down.

- Qimiqitela.
- It's beginning to rain.

- Jel tzuf mole tomija liz
- Milk in the place of dreams.

- Jel hal tomija jetz.
- Milk in place of dreams (instead of dreams)

- Tin miqitel nis, kotzotz tzisyta.
- The kitten is playing in the rain.

- Qimiqitelum.
- It stopped raining.

- Miqitel qija um.
- The rain ceased activity. 

- Fal nolja (sol) sylet (pot), qeqimiqitelum.
- During the next moments (soon), the rain will stop.

- Fal nolja sylet, miqitel qeqija um.
- Soon, the rain will cease.

- Tin soxel riz soliz nis, solet mihiqu.
- We live (exist) in a grid (shape of intersections).

- Tou etiz li miqitel qija um.
- It is my wish that the rain ceases.

- Et kon tou (jetz) li miqitel qija um.
- I have hope that the rain ceases.

- Qeqimiqitelum tou.
- There is hope that the rain ceases.

- Funola jeniz mole hijuqa pepeit tzipeita.
- Once here wild animals lived. 

- Anja jo qotziloka letzek.
- She looked in all directions.

- Anja jo qotziloka topenek.
- She looked to all vectors.

- Fepom, anja jo qotziloka letzek.
- Slowly, she looked around (in all directions).

- Anja jo letzek qotziloka pom.
- She looked around slowly.

- Joz ar peletz fek femole jetz.
- Go (yourself) away.

- Joz ar petz femole tzija.
- Transform yourself away (from here).

- Solet tzija jax.
- Let's go.

- Is fekuqa femole (topen).
- You should go (from here).

- Femole is tzija uqa.
- You should transform yourself from here. You should go.

- Et qifela li tzija.
- I am happy to go. I become happy that I go.

- Pelin anju pes femole fek mole.
- Soon, he arrives. Soon he from there to here.

- Pelin, kes qeqifek peituje (topen).
- Soon, the goat will come home. Soon, the goat will to this home (implying "to come").

- Qotzifek an topen sefu texotz liz.
- From him the child's ball. The child's ball rolled away. "Rolling" is the implied movement. 

- Qoqifek an topen sefu aniz.
- His ball began rolling away.

- Qotzikekoletz sefu.
- The ball rolled away. (Rolling is the implied movement)

- Kon ar jetz texju taf tzisofor.
- With each other (together), the two boys work.

- Et peletz hunotz aniz tzirejx.
- To me, his dog transacts anger. His puppy angers me.

- Etjo hunotz anju liz qotzirejxa.
- I filled his puppy with rage.

- Peritel etiz petz et qoqirejx.
- I became angry at my friend.

- Etjo peritel ariz qoqirejx.
- I angered my friend.

- Hut tele haquiz hais qeqiseifa.
- Probably the mist will diffuse (clear).

- Molek folor fetosin tzipefosa. 
- Everywhere colourful flowers grow. 

- Foluit ten isiz?
- Quality-interrogative day your? How is the quality of your day?

- Rolit ten isiz folu?
- How day your quality? How is the quality of your day?

- Rolit is ar petz posu?
- How you to yourself sensation? How are you feeling?

- Rolit is miposa ariz?
- How you sense of yourself? How are you feeling?

- Uqa pom hal solet tzijet.
- Should slow more we eat. We should eat more slowly.

- Funolu mik pihal is qotzifek mole.
- Early excessively you past-to here. You came here too soon.

- Mou fejupoj hal is tzikaren.
- Obligation tidiness more you write. You must write more neatly.

- Letze xaifim soxfolu lofez hal kekon (mole).
- In this direction structure-pleasing surface-quality sheep high opposite (here). Directly opposite is a wonderful palace. 

- Mole huniz lanasax liz mizanum.
- Place dog-GEN asshole GEN known-NEG. The whereabouts of the asshole's dog is not known. The asshole's dog is lost.

- Kotz etiz nozu.
- My cat is black.

Paum lanasotz zoru texja liz lizar qiharja.
- Not-able-to person-small fake child-fem GEN young become-functional. The little girl's doll is broken. 

- Rolit qija?
- How (is it) transforming? how's it going?

- Sou et mitomir kon tix haraiz.
- Usually I am sleeping beside the silence of creation. I usually sleep soundly.

- Fal tomija pot etjo is qitekut.
- During dreams, I liquefy you.

- (Fetou) rix tex sol qoqija potom kez.
- (Try) rapid child plural transformed behind goat. The children chased the goat. 

- Pa et qikon syt (jetz) potom li tin xaif zan.
- Can I begin to be with fun after that in building knowledge. I can have fun after school.

- Li mikon solan (jetz) nuzol solet qotxifek peit mal.
- That be with them because, we went (to) settlement small. We went to the village for a visit. 

- Solet qoqifek xil teliz nis.
- We past-inhocate-at line water-of place. We arrived at the river.

- Jenize qirezu turos, potonole qizana.
- First become-logic disorder, then become-wisdom. First comes mental disorder. Then comes widsom.

- Pelinole is nuzol et mole mijaum.
- Until-now you because I here state-of-transformation-not. I've been waiting here for you.

- Pelinole is nuzol et mijaum rez liz.
- Until-now you because I state-of-transformation-not mind of. I've been waiting for you (a state of mind).

- Lanpeit sol nol liz lil qomiriz tul rok hapa.
- Resident plural time of few past-position cross down around fire. The campers sat around the fire.

- Kon etiz topen kon kotzotz jetz texja mal qomiriz tul.
- Beside me direction with kitten-diminuative association female-child small past-position cross down. The little girl with the kitten sat beside me.

- Tetju ariz nuzole texja qomijaum fek pol xaif.
- Father her because female-child past-state-of-transformation-not at opening building. The girl waited at the door for her father 

- Ten fure texja nomute tin peitotz nis mole kotzotz liz ariz qoqizanum.
- Day before-the child-female time-most-the in village position whereabouts kitten poss self-poss became-extant-in-thought-not.Yesterday, the oldest girl in the village lost her cat.

- It is qoquitihiqu tin peitotze?
- Question you past-passive-birth in village-the? Were you born in this village?

- Pait texju tetiz jezor isiz txisulex pefoja par?
- Can-question child-male parent-gen same your exert rhythm adroit? Can your brother dance well?

- It lanasju qoqisot mole topen?
- Question man past-out-of here direction? Did the man leave?

- Holek kon folu haru.
- Everything with quality resonant. It's cool.

- It texja tetiz jezor (isiz) fek mole li solis txisomole?
- Question child-FEM parent-GEN same (your) to here that PL-you leave. Is your sister coming to pick you up?

- Pait ten sylet is fek mole?
- Can-QUE day next you to here? Can you come tomorrow?

- Et qifek af peitu kes.
- I become-at IRR residence goat. I want to be at the goat residence. Were I at the goat residence. 

- Et txija af peitu kes.
- I transform IRR residence goat. I want to go to the goat residence. Were I going to the goat residence. 

- It fal kekar sim (pot) lanas pelimol misot mole?
- QUE during fourth cold (duration) person proximity be-out-of here? Have the neighbours left for winter?

- It fal tel miqir liz (pot) hiju letiz tzihupa felak?
- QUE during water sky GEN (duration) creature flight-GEN TRS-music ADV-tongue. Does the bird sing in the rain?

- It is fek soharju hupa topen kon solet?
- QUE you to elaboration music direction with us? Are you going to the concert with us?

- It tin moles hais hap nis is qomisozen?
- QUE in forest dense heat position you PAST-state-of-journey? Have you ever travelled in the jungle?

- Moxilu mut nuz neimolja pif solet qotxinuz xil tel.
- Unit many by boat instrumentality we PAST-PERF-along thread water. We sailed by boat along the river for many kilometres. 

- Lanasek fal las jetz tzizanu.
- Person-ALL about hunt association PFC-knowledge. Everyone knows about hunting.

- Fal ten sopen tenuk potom ten faluiz hale pot fesopen solet qoqifek tzem hal.
- During day begin light-BIG after day duration-GEN great-THE duration ADV-begin we PST-INCOH-to earth high. On a bright morning after the solstice, we started for the mountains. 

- Texju kez qotxiposa fela hupol nuz syt qulan liz tul.
- Boy goat PAST-PRF-expression joy mouth because-of diversion primate GEN small. Goat boy laughed because of the monkey's tricks.

- Kon pejer lan jetz kon xilitaf tzem nis lanas muzar qotximiriz hal.
- With support human association beside partition earth place person old PAST-PRF-perpendicular up. The old man with the cane stood beside the fence.

- Etjo kez petz hiqaum qotxija.
- I-ERG goat DAT lifeless PAST-PRF-transform. I killed the goat.

- Etjo kez petz anja liz qoqihiqaum.
- I-ERG goat DAT she GEN PAST-INCHO-life-not. I made the goat become lifeless. i killed the goat.
---
- Peitu holat liz les miupelokja nuz tafju pejer tul.
- Home rodent GEN tree IMP-invisible because-of branch support low. The squirrel's nest was hidden by drooping boughs.

- Pes myx fek nol jetz nat miqisimu nis fosju  mal jo hap tetyk liz qomijaum.
- Without thought- concerning time association under snow position seed small ERG heat star GEN heat PAST-IMP-transform-not. Patiently, the little seeds were waiting beneath the snow for the sun's warmth.

- Kon lip folor nuz kop ariz nis texotzja mut qotzisulex pefoja rok hap hal.
- With circle flower on head their position child-DIM-FEM many PAST-PERF-exertion rhythm around fire great. Many young girls with wreaths on their heads danced around the bonfire.
---
- Sykju neit liz qotxifek tunaham fetul.
- Cover container GEN PAST-PERF-to floor ADV-down. The cover of the basket fell to the floor.

- Anju lizar jeniz tin xil lanas qoqimoljaum potom pol xaif.
- He young first in line person PAST-INCOH-movement-not in-front-of orifice building. The first boy in the queue stopped at the entrance. 

- Fek hale tzem liz hal tin peim mal nis lanasja muzar zana qomipeit.
- At top earth GEN high in house small position woman old wisdom PAST-IMP-residence. At the top of the hill in a hut lived a wise old woman.

- Fal peit soletiz tin tzem falun famupot solet qotxinak tin tzem zir xilja naj fen.
- During residence our in land farse often we PAST-PERF-leg in land wide extending-thing LOC green. During our residence in the country we often walked in the pastures.

- Molit pes peit ful topen lanas txuipax qeqimole?
- When from residence large direction person invited FUT-INCOH-here. When will your guests from the city arrive?

- Pelis natol xiliz tel nis letza ariz mihel kotzom pelitet.
- Near anus line-GEN water position vector its IMP-twist abrupt east. Near the river's mouth, the its course turns sharply towards the east.
---
- Tzuf tzem haluk taf nis tzem tul fosiz.
- Between earth high-AUGMENTATIVE two position earth low seed-GEN. Between two lofty mountains lies a fertile valley.

- Fal sur pez nis folor opjo hal qotxipefosa.
- Among grain light-brown position flower opium high PAST-PERF-from-seed. Among the wheat, tall poppies grew.

- Fal sur pez nis folor opjo qomihalja.
- Among grain light-brown flower opium PAST-IMP-high. Among the wheat, poppies were growing (rising).
